Update docs (#15)
CuriousLearner/django-phone-verify: docs/usage.rst

How to Use Django Phone Verify?
=====================================

> ``django-phone-verify`` provides few APIs which can be added to your list of API endpoints. It's functionality can be extended based on your usecase.

Reviewer: I think it will be better to add this as a note under `Usage` section. Thoughts?

Author: Yeah, that'd look better. Agree with you!

Usage
-----

> **NOTE**: ``django-phone-verify`` provides few APIs which can be added to your list of API endpoints. It's functionality can be extended further based on your usecase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: ``django-phone-verify`` provides few APIs which can be added to your list of API endpoints. Its functionality can be extended further based on your use-case as explained below.
```
